
Uedge was originally developed to run in the Basis environment developed 
at LLNL. It has since been ported to run as a Python module. The Python
module Uedge has been built on several Linux distributions and MacOSX versions.

The Basis version of Uedge is deprecated. If you have interest in 
the Basis version of Uedge contact Bill Meyer (meyer8@llnl.gov).  There 
is no longer any official support for the Basis software. The capability
to build the Basis version is maintained for legacy installations and
may be removed from the repository at any time.


Building Python Uedge (pyUedge).

    Prerequisites:
        - Python 3.x
              Should work with all Python 3 versions.
              
              Anaconda3 is a useful Python distribution but puts constraints
              on the compiler version that may be used to build pyUedge. The 
              compiler must be compatible with the libraries that come included
              with Anaconda. Anaconda will report the gcc version that was used
              to build the included libraries. The compiler used must at least 
              use the same C runtime library version.

        - Fortran/C compilers
              Only gfortran and gcc have been tested and supported. 

        - Forthon 
           Generates link between Uedge Fortran and Python.
           "pip install forthon"

    Requisites:
        - matplotlib
           pyUedge includes Python scripts that import maplotlib
        - h5py
           pyUedge includes Python scripts for saving/restoring results
           in hdf5 files.
           

     Install with pip:
        pip install uedge
        
        If pyUedge reports that an update is available then a 
        "pip install uedge --upgrade" can be executed. If that results in
        multiple versions a "pip uninstall uedge" and 
        "pip install --no-cache-dir uedge" will be nesseccary.

     Install from git clone:
       python setup.py build
       python setup.py install




